Publish repo on GitHub pages (#3)
scalar-labs/helm-charts: README.md

# Helm Charts for Scalar DL

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) ![Release Charts](https://github.com/scalar-labs/helm-charts/workflows/Release%20Helm%20Charts/badge.svg?branch=main)

This directory contain helm charts for scalardl.

* [Scalar DL](./charts/scalardl/)

## Usage

> [Helm](https://helm.sh) must be installed to use the charts.

Author: added in c5a2994.

Please refer to Helm's [documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/) to get started.

Once Helm is set up properly, add the repo as follows:

```console

> helm repo add scalardl https://scalar-labs.github.io/helm-charts

Reviewer: You will need to change the repo name as well. https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalar-kubernetes/commit/34f25c5a2688aee3bf3a78c79b43f5fc92ed99ed

```

> You can then run `helm search repo scalardl` to see the charts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can then run `helm search repo scalar-labs` to see the Scalar charts.
```

## Contributing

This repo is mainly maintained by the Scalar Engineering Team, but of course we appreciate any help.

* For asking questions, finding answers and helping other users, please go to [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) and use [scalardl](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scalardl) tag.
* For filing bugs, suggesting improvements, or requesting new features, help us out by opening an issue.

## License

<!-- Keep full URL links to repo files because this README syncs from main to gh-pages.  -->
[Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/scalar-labs/helm-charts/blob/main/LICENSE).

> ## Helm charts build status

Author: OK! removed in 3948329.
